Update / Rewrite of the Kubernetes and Helm documentation (#215)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/container/orchestration/values-tab-3.adoc

= values.yaml

== Chart Version: {tab_3_tab_text}

////
Note that this page is created because when the contents of the included yaml is big, the tab size would be too high and not comfortable to read.

The source content comes from github.

If there are xref's, these are resolved via an attribute defined in antora.yml
 
{ocis-charts-raw-url}{tab_3}{values-versions-url}

We need to allow substitution of attributes first, then macros
////

> Note, to improve readbility, syntax highlighting is used. As drawback, links in comments are not clickable. See the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/val-desc-tab-3.adoc[Values Description] page where the links can be clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, to improve readbility, syntax highlighting is used. A drawback is that, links in comments are not clickable. See the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/val-desc-tab-3.adoc[Values Description] page where the links can be clicked.
```
